https://musicstatsdb.herokuapp.com/

https://github.com/catrionamckay/Music-Statistics-Dashboard/



11-04-20
    Created login page/authorization for spotify's API. Used their API examples that can
    be found on Spotify's API documentation website. Attempted to create a differnt type of
    authorization page, but decided to stick with the one that had an example to save time. This was really useful because
    I don't have any back-end experiences and I thought this would be a major roadblock.
	I had to install npm and node.js in at this point.
	Next time I would start this part earlier and put in more research in how to make it easier to authenticate.
11-08-20
    Had a team meeting to discuss the app, added a style sheet so we could begin styling the layout
    of the page.

11-10-20
    Got some initial API calls working and created a chart that shows an artists genres.
    Also implemented the static stats that we wanted to have.

11-13-20
    Created a bar chart of songs per album on a different branch.
11-14-20
    Added the bar chart to the layout, created a footer and extra text for the popularity index description
    I tried to create a way to naviagte through different graphs, but Google Charts doesn't like when you
    try to fill data when the container is hidden.

11-18-20
    I added a way to navigate the different graphs we have on the page but ran in
    to a problem with how the graphs are rendered. Had a button working but it broke the layout so I removed it.

 11-19-20
    Fixed a bug that happened when searching with a blank search field.

11-21-20
    Added a nice looking font to the page and the graphs using Google Fonts. Also I added the
    other graphs we had planned. Google charts seemingly had a selection of graphs that would be useful
    but as the project goes on i'm finding that the selection is pretty limited for what we wanted to do.
    I wanted to make a timeline of when an artists albums were released but the timeline chart they have only takes
    certain formats as it's data, and spotify's API didn't have dates in the correct format. I made a work around chart that looks ok.
	Next time I would put more research into charting libraries to find ones that work better with our ideas.
11-23-20
    The graphs were not dynamically resizing when the page size changed. I had to look up how to do this and it turned out to be a pretty
    trivial solution. I just had to have the graphs be redrawn each time the page changes size. 

    Added some initial styling and colors after sharing a color palette with Catriona. I wanted to keep it simple with only a couple different colors.
    I changed the "timeline" graph to be a histogram that shows each album release in a given year. It's kinda of a combination of a couple ideas we talked about.
    I also modified the other graphs that are "over time" to be a more sensible layout and added a button to cycle the graphs that fit the layout.
    I ended this day with making a link that links back to our github at the bottom of the page.

11-24-20
    I ended up refactoring a big portion of the JS honestly because I was getting annoyed with it myself. 
    It looks much better now and should be way more readable. I also reformatted using prettier after getting feedback from the HW about using it.
	If there was a next time I think we should have planned out our code structure so that our file wasn't messy to at the beginning.

11-25-20
    We had meeting after class today and tried to test hosting the app to a live server. In the process we had to end up reverting a bunch of
    commits because we realized github pages only supports static sites. Later that day I tried hosting again using a different branch.
    I ended up getting to work with Heroku after troubleshooting issues with jquery not loading in properly.
    This was the biggest roadblock of the project for me and I was really frustrated.
	Next time I would test out hosting the site earlier on just so we knew about some of these issues before.
	I had to install the heroku CLI during this process

11-27-20

    Updated some CSS so that things don't go off the screen and made it so the footer is reponsive/doesn't overlap other elements.
    Figured it would be easier to just hide it when the screen gets smaller because it's not as important. Also updated the graph cycle button CSS and
    changed some of the titles to our sections so they better represent what's being shown. Reformatted all the files using Prettier as well.
    
11-28-20
    Finished comments for the project and prepared hosting. Hosted the app using Heroku and made a dummy spotify account so people can use it without making their own
    account.
